Product models (#72)
akeneo/onboarder-helpcenter: content/md/supplier-onboarder/update-products.md

---

# Via the User Interface
Once you open the Onboarder, the first screen you can see is the [product grid](/onboarder/articles/products-grid-supplier.html), then you can open products you need to enrich.

![Enrich via the User Interface - Onboarder List of products](../img/SUPPLIER-pef.png)

The product form contains 4 parts:
* The header panel
* The product navigation panel
* The meta data panel
* The attribute panel

## The header panel

![Header panel highlight](../img/SUPPLIER-pef-header.png)

The header panel shows the following product information:
* The product name
* An image of the product (if available)
* Completeness
* Breadcrumb to navigate within the [product model and variants](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/what-about-products-variants.html)
* Number of missing attributes
* Filters to access directly to attribute groups or missing attributes

:::info

> The breadcrumb is displayed only when you are on a product model page, it allows you to navigate through the levels of the product model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The breadcrumb is displayed only when you are on a product model page, it allows you to navigate through the different levels of the product model.
```

:::

## The product navigation panel

![Navigation panel highlight](../img/SUPPLIER-pef-navigation.png)

The product navigation panel allows you to switch between different sections of your product:
* [Attributes](/onboarder/articles/update-products.html#the-attribute-panel): Displays the list of attributes of a product. This section is used to enrich your product. This is the most used view.

> * Assets: Allows you to upload media files when required. This section only shows if you can add assets to the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Assets: Allows you to upload media files when required. This section is only displayed if assets are required to complete the product.
```

* Categories: Allows you to categorize your product.
  
## The meta data panel

![Meta data panel highlight](../img/SUPPLIER-pef-metadata.png)

The meta data panel displays information regarding your product such as:
* The family of your product
* The creation timestamp
* The last update timestamp

## The attribute panel

![Attributes panel highlight](../img/SUPPLIER-pef-attributes.png)

The attribute panel displays all the attributes you can enrich in the Onboarder. This list is defined by the retailer.

### Completeness
All the attributes marked with the yellow bullet point are required for the retailer.

> The attributes without the bullet point are optional and are not taken in account for the completeness calculation. When you complete these attributes, you help the retailer to get better product values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attributes without the bullet point are optional and are not taken into account for the completeness calculation. When you complete these attributes, you help the retailer to get better product values.
```
